---
layout: post
product: MyHomeworkSpace
title: MyHomeworkSpace Privacy Policy
---

We respect your privacy. This policy outlines what information we collect, why we collect it, and where it goes. We never sell or market any of it, don’t worry!

---
Our service (“MyHomeworkSpace”) collects the following data about you either when you initially sign up or when you use the service:

* Your Full Name (As it appears on https://dalton.myschoolapp.com)
   * We use your full name when you submit feedback to MyHomeworkSpace so that we can see who sent it.
* Your Dalton username
   * We use your Dalton username for demographic purposes. In the future, we may use your Dalton username to sync your account with other Dalton services, for example to download homework from courses.
* Your email address
   * We use your Dalton email address to reply to any feedback you submit and to send you information and notifications about MyHomeworkSpace
* Anything you type into your planner

---
MyHomeworkSpace uses Google Analytics to get information about who is using the website. Google Analytics is used on all MyHomeworkSpace websites (except for api-v2.myhomework.space), and collects information outlined in [this](https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners) document, titled _How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps_. MyHomeworkSpace has opted out of sending data to be used by Google for analytics and advertising, and none of your personal information will ever be shared with Google.

---
When you submit feedback using the "Feedback" button in MyHomeworkSpace, the following information will be recorded:
* The date and time
* Your Dalton username, email, and your full name (As it appears on https://dalton.myschoolapp.com)
  * We use this information to contact you about the feedback you have submitted.
* The feedback type
  * This is the type of feedback that you selected after clicking "Feedback"
* If you explicitly decide to include it, a screenshot of the current page.
  * Any information visible on the page immediately prior to you clicking "Feedback" is included in the screenshot. MyHomeworkSpace stores this image on our servers for an indefinite amount of time. If you would like the screenshot to be deleted at any time, feel free to email us at [hello@myhomework.space](mailto:hello@myhomework.space) or submit feedback using the buttons on MyHomeworkSpace. MyHomeworkSpace reserves the right to use this screenshot however they see fit.


When you encounter an error on our website, the following information may be recorded, depending on the error which you encountered:

* The date and time
* Your IP address
   * Your IP address is a unique number that identifies your wireless network’s location on the internet
* Your user-agent
   * Your user-agent contains information about your operating system and your web browser. It does not contain any personally identifiable information and is collected by many websites.

---
Third party applications may request access to your account. In the event that they do, you will be brought to a MyHomeworkSpace page explaining what information the application is requesting to access. You will then have the option to either grant access, or deny access. If you grant access, then later change your mind, you may revoke access by signing into MyHomeworkSpace, and selecting "Settings," then "Applications," then "Revoke Access." MyHomeworkSpace cannot control what these applications do with your data, and therefore cannot be held responsible for data granted to external applications.

---
MyHomeworkSpace will only use your user data to

* Enforce our Terms of Service
* Comply with a court order
* With your explicit permission, help resolve customer service issues


The MyHomeworkSpace team disclaims all responsibility for data leaks or losses. It is your responsibility to update yourself on this policy, as you may not be notified of changes. If you wish to purge all of your information from our servers, or have any additional questions about this policy, or MyHomeworkSpace in general, you can contact us at [hello@myhomework.space](mailto:hello@myhomework.space) and we will do our best to help you.

As always, thank you for using MyHomeworkSpace!

---

## Revision History
If you require access to an older version of our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at [hello@myhomework.space](mailto:hello@myhomework.space).

**January 4th, 2017**
Added Original Policy.

**April 24th, 2017**
Added information about third party applications.

**October 27th, 2017**
Changed "schedules.dalton.org" to "dalton.myschoolapp.com"

**May 5th, 2018**
Added information about analytical information collected.

**May 15th, 2018**
Fix some typos, thanks [@robotxlabs](https://github.com/robotxlabs).

**February 27th, 2019**
Added information about screenshots included in feedback submissions.
